Add link to State of Rust FAQ to the surveys repo (#807)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/community/README.md

- The [Community team] GitHub repository contains information about how the community team organizes.
- The [RustBridge] website contains information on hosting your own local RustBridge event.
- [Rustlings] is an project with small exercises designed around getting newcomers used to reading and writing Rust.

> - The [State of Rust] is an annual community survey that asks the Rust community about their opinions of Rust.

Reviewer: copy pasta from the blog post :smile: 

```suggestion
- The [State of Rust] is an annual community survey gathering insights and feedbacks from Rust users, and all those who are interested in the future of Rust more generally.
```
